# Words 2014/01/15

###consume [usage]

###supplement [esoteric meaning]

###gulf

###prestige

###comparative

###comparable

###expenditure

###tactics

###Specimen
n. 1 样本，标本
> * Astronauts have brought back specimens of rock from the moon.

2 (尤指动植物的)单一实例
> * The aquarium has some interesting specimens of unusual tropical fish.

###stimulus

###overtime

###Projection
n. 1 [C] 预测，推断，设想
> * to make **forward/backward projections** of population figures.

2 [U, C] 投影，放映，投射
> * laser projection.

3 ......

###Algae
n. 海藻 [U, pl.]

###Retreat
v. 1 [V] 退却，撤退
> * The army was forced to retreat after suffering heavy losses.

2 [V] 离开，离去，退后
> * The flood water slowly retreated.

3 [V + adv./prep.] 改变主意，退缩
> * The government had retreated from its pledge to reduce class sizes.

4 [V, usually +adv./prep.] 隐退，逃避，躲避
> * Bored with the conversation, she retreated to her bedroom.

5 [VN] 跌价
> * Share prices retreated 45p to 538p. 

###crumble
###scramble
###undertake
###Heed 
v. [VN] 留心，注意，听从
n. [U] <span style="color:blue">give/pay heed (to sb/sth) | take heed (of sb/sth) </span>
留心，注意，听从

###aversion
###seedling
###appreciable
###commodity
###shipment
###accordion
###terminus
###perimeter [pronunciation]
###bouquet [pronunciation]
###Consternation
n [U]  (formal) 惊愕，惊恐 a worried sad feeling after you have received an unpleasant feeling
> * The announcement of her retirement caused consternation among tennis fans.

quail [meanings]
###Provincialism
n. [U]  (disapproving)
胸襟狭隘，排外主义

###Nostalgia
n. 

###typify

###Bolster
v. <span style="color:blue">~ sth (up)</span> 改善，加强
> to bloster sb's confidence/courage 增加某人的信心/勇气

n. 枕垫

###Colossal
adj. 巨大的，庞大的

###Conformity / conform


###congenial
###persevere
###Epoch
n. 时代，纪元，时期

###spontaneous(ly)
###slumber
###drowsy

###lethargy
n. [U] 冷漠，无精打采，没有热情 

<span style="color:blue">lethargic</span> adj. 
> * The weather made her lethargic.

###strip
###stripe

###arduous
###impediment
###clog
v. [often passive]  (-gg-) <span style="color:blue">~ (up) (with sth) | ~ sth (up) (with sth)</span>
阻塞，拥堵
> * The narrow street was clogged with traffic.
> * Tears clogged her throat.

###obscure
###obstruct

###suspend
###suspense
n. [U] 悬念，提心吊胆
> * Don't **keep us in suspense**. Tell us what happened.

###Shingle
n. 1 [U] 卵石滩

2 木瓦，屋顶板

3 招牌

###prodigious
adj. 巨大的，伟大的 SYN: <span style="color:blue">Colossal, Enormous</span>

###prodigy

###stunt
